Licencing
---------

When referencing our quadratic eigensolver we would ask that you cite the
following publication:

S. Hammarling, C. J. Munro and F. Tisseur.  An algorithm for the
complete solution of quadratic eigenvalue problems.  ACM
Trans. Math. Software, 39(3):18:1-18:19, 2013.

The licence used for the software is the modified BSD licence.

Like all software, it is copyrighted. It is not trademarked, but we do
ask the following:

    If you modify the source for these routines we ask that you change
    the name of the routine and comment the changes made to the
    original.

    We will gladly try to answer any questions regarding the
    software. If a modification is done, however, it is the
    responsibility of the person who modified the routine to provide
    support.

LICENCE
-------

Copyright (c) 2012 The University of Manchester.  All rights
                    reserved.

$COPYRIGHT$

Additional copyrights may follow

$HEADER$

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

- Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

- Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer listed
  in this licence in the documentation and/or other materials
  provided with the distribution.

- Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.

The copyright holders provide no reassurances that the source code
provided does not infringe any patent, copyright, or any other
intellectual property rights of third parties.  The copyright holders
disclaim any liability to any recipient for claims brought against
recipient by any third party for infringement of that parties
intellectual property rights.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
